Neal Sáles-Griffin: Need to know.
Sambhav Mehta: Nothing. I just started the recording. If we could have both of the alumni, I think everyone knows each other anyways. But if if they want to just introduce themselves other than that just in the chat. If you guys could just drop the order that you guys want to go in, and then we'll get this thing kicked off.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Perfect, all right. Well, look, Miser Andrew, I'm gonna let you guys take it because I gotta grill the rest of these founders this afternoon on pitch practice, and I met with a bunch of them yesterday. But I'll check in on how this goes, and see if you guys actually do your job right?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Good luck.
Mircea Gogoncea: Amazing. Sounds good. See? You see you later.
Mircea Gogoncea: Alright, do you? Wanna do you wanna kick off the introduction?
Mircea Gogoncea: or should I go first.st Yeah, you you should go. You should do it. Andrew.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Alright! What's up, guys? Andrew Penner, founder, and CEO of Milo? We went through techstars, Chicago with Neil in 2023, the end of 23
Andrew Penner | Milo: Since then, you know, raise some money, been growing
Andrew Penner | Milo: almost to profitability, which is like my promised land. I'm not the guy who wants to raise a ton of money all the time. But, you know, we just want to run a good profitable business here and still grow quickly, and that's what we've been doing.
Mircea Gogoncea: Amazing, amazing. I've also met most of you already. My name is Mirchan. Don't worry about the pronunciation. It's not obvious in English, but I don't mind at all. I went through techstars, Oakland 24. So exactly one year before you, and the last cohort that was called Oakland instead of San Francisco, but very much the same program just on the other side of the bridge.
Mircea Gogoncea: I'm a 3rd time founder. I'm a professional guitarist and a guitar professor at Ucla, even though that's very much a side gig, and only takes about 4 or 5 h of my week. And because of my job as an artist I have coached, and I have performed very many times in a public setting, and you know anytime that Neil or anybody else on any form asks me, what can you help the community with? One of the 1st things that I put down is.
Mircea Gogoncea: you know, public speaking, pitching, and being confident in front of an audience, and all of that. So hopefully, we can derive some value out of that today.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Yeah, I remember you killed it when
Andrew Penner | Milo: when I was trying to help out with your pitches.
Mircea Gogoncea: Alright, thanks so much.
Mircea Gogoncea: man, appreciate it. Yeah, I remember you are there, and I really appreciate your help. I forgot to say also, you guys will all you've all heard from me already because of the virtual brochure. So you will be using our product cicada. In fact, I would like to take this opportunity to encourage whoever hasn't submitted it, because last time I looked at it yesterday morning, I only had, like 3 out of 10 submissions, and I believe
Mircea Gogoncea: last night was the deadline. That's okay. If you miss the deadline, the only thing that's going to happen is you won't have a chance to review it. So I'm about to do the 1st public draft today, and if I don't have your info, then you'll have less time to tell me what changes you'd like to have to have made. So yeah, and I will be seeing you all at Demo day as well.
Mircea Gogoncea: Alright.
Sambhav Mehta: Awesome.
Meg Hall: You need to submit.
Meg Hall: That's a form that we need to submit.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah, you got you got an email from me. If you haven't received it, let me know. I'd be happy to send it again. It says something like what Chloe made me send a specific subject line. That said something like tssf, cicada, tssf, virtual brochure, or something like that.
carloscaglia: We got them a while ago, I think, like last week, or something. So.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah, yeah, yeah, I think, like, 10 days ago, something along these lines.
Meg Hall: They? They, when we were prepping us for Demo Day they had us all watch yours so.
Mircea Gogoncea: Nice seen your demo day.
Mircea Gogoncea: I didn't know that I'm really. I'm really proud. I'm really happy to hear that that's awesome.
Mircea Gogoncea: Nice.
Mircea Gogoncea: Alright. So who's gonna go first? st
carloscaglia: I'm happy to run it.
Mircea Gogoncea: Nice, and in the meantime, maybe the rest of the people can put the volunteer list in the in the chat. Just so we have a run of show.
carloscaglia: Is this just like the 1 min spoken pitch.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah. So what we heard from Chloe, is that it's gonna be the spoken pitch the 1 min pitch, and she encouraged us to give feedback both on the presentation style and also on the business itself, because she mentioned that if there are still big questions there is still a little bit of time to workshop the Q. And a. But that all of you have already had your massive session with Neil. And so you know a lot already. Does that sound? Does that sound? Okay?
carloscaglia: Yeah, yeah, cool. Cool with me.
carloscaglia: my presentation will probably still lack a little bit, because I'm still like learning it and refining it. So read it. But I'll do my best from a reading point of view. So anyways.
carloscaglia: let's get going.
carloscaglia: So
carloscaglia: when I showed the 4 videos, exhorty did for Bayer pharmaceuticals to a producer of a famous agency. He said this would have taken them 3 to 4 months and 150 K. To 200 K.
carloscaglia: It took exhorty 4 days on 4 and a half K.
carloscaglia: You see, traditional advertising is collapsing. Last year agencies fired thousands of people, but content demand increased by 200%. That's not a contradiction. It's the failure of the Old Guard and the rise of the new power.
carloscaglia: Our commitment to excellence is why Exodi will lead this charge.
carloscaglia: Last year we delivered 500 piece of content across 30 plus countries with 0 reshoots in record time.
carloscaglia: This is why Fortune 500 brands trust us, and why we've quickly scaled to 20 K. In Mrr.
carloscaglia: But we're only getting started. Exhort is here to take over the content, landscape and cater to every single direct, to consumer business out there. Thank you.
Sambhav Mehta: Awesome. That was 50 seconds. So we are under the minute. Oh, just one quick note.
Sambhav Mehta: just one quick note before you pitch. If you could. Just quickly say your goals or customers investment talent
Sambhav Mehta: and then also talk about the pitch border. So if you're going video first, st or pitch first.st I just need to note that down. But yeah, this was under the time.
carloscaglia: Alright. I'll give you the context around it. We're just going for customers in this pitch, not investors.
carloscaglia: we're using this one to tee up the video. Actually, so 1st I thought I was gonna go video first, st then pitch now decided to go pitch 1st and video and I wanted to use this one as kind of like
carloscaglia: gaining curiosity of the people and then showing a killer video.
Mircea Gogoncea: Nice.
Mircea Gogoncea: Let's start with Andrew. What what are your thoughts.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Yeah, I'm imagining that you're gonna use the QA. To talk more about
Andrew Penner | Milo: landscape and things like that, because that wasn't there. But I actually really liked the pitch. I thought
Andrew Penner | Milo: the substance of it was really strong. I think your hook was good. And I think you backed it up well.
Andrew Penner | Milo: and so you you have the social proof. You have company traction, I think that's all great.
Andrew Penner | Milo: The beginning. I found myself just
Andrew Penner | Milo: trying to. And and I ended up doing it. So I think it's okay. But I found myself trying to put together the pieces of the puzzle at 1st of. Okay. Oh, that's his brand name. And this is the impact that they're having. So I would be super clear in how you enunciate there and just take your time, your 53 seconds. There, take your time, pace yourself. The beginning of that, I think, is really strong, and you should give it a little bit of extra room to breathe there, so it can really sink in properly.
carloscaglia: Cool. Thanks. Yeah. I want to use the Q&A to go into a little bit more of the process and the details while keeping the 1 min pitch a little bit more more high level. But yeah, the timing is good, and I think I should definitely, as you say, take a little bit more time at the start.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah, I want to mention on that note as well. If your text has been approved by Neil and Chloe, and we know from seeing it now that it's only 50, something seconds
Mircea Gogoncea: you don't have to worry about. Oh, what if I breathe too long? And I end up at 1 0. 5 will they cut? And they won't cut you off if they've already approved your text, you know. So you know it's it's it's strict, but nobody's gonna interrupt you if you're saying what they're supposed to be saying.
carloscaglia: Oh, yeah, that's good to know.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah. So my only comment,
Mircea Gogoncea: well, I have 2 comments. But 1st of all, yeah, I must admit that I didn't immediately remember what Exordi did before you said it, and as soon as you started saying it, it took maybe 1015 seconds for me to realize sort of what what is going on. What your business does, I know that's going to be explained more in the next sections of the pitch. But
Mircea Gogoncea: if I came in completely with a clean slate where I hadn't read about you because I had read about all of you before, I would have been possibly even more confused. Can you give us the 1st 15 seconds? Again, can I just do the 1st 15 seconds? And this is how we practice in music? We just do section by section.
carloscaglia: True.
carloscaglia: I'm pretty sure that was just the opening bit.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah.
carloscaglia: So say, when I showed the 4 videos exhorde created for Bayer pharmaceuticals to a producer of a famous agency, he said this would have taken them 3 to 4 months and 150 k. To 200 k. Took Exhorde 4 days and 4 and a half K.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah, it's good, man, it's good. It's good. Yeah.
Mircea Gogoncea: yeah, I don't have criticism there. It's the sentence is a little long, right? Like. The very 1st sentence is, you're packing. So I know what they're trying to do. You're trying to pack a lot of lexical density, are trying to pack a lot of meaning in a very short time. Right? So my only advice in general is.
Mircea Gogoncea: consider breaking it up into 2 sentences, or or or you can practice
Mircea Gogoncea: which which words are gonna accentuate and which words are gonna lean back on and and not say them so loud. So when I showed.
Mircea Gogoncea: can you? Can you show me? Do you have a text? Do you have it? Do you have it? Can you copy paste? Since you're reading it? Can you put it in the chat. I'm sorry I'm going a little. I'm going a little hard here, but that's what Chloe told us to do to be a little, you know, to go into details here, and we still have quite a bit of time. Right? This goes until 1130, or how long? Okay? Until.
Sambhav Mehta: 1130, yeah.
Andrew Penner | Milo: And I'm glad you had a reread it, because just one note I have there, too, that you could potentially do number one, it becomes a lot more clear, I think, if you say just to produce like 1 50 to 200 k. To produce.
Andrew Penner | Milo: and then let that sit for a second
Andrew Penner | Milo: after you say, produce, that's your time like, let that number sink in. Let people feel the weight of that. You have time, and then say that same video, you know.
Andrew Penner | Milo: cost us $4,500 to produce. Right? So you're creating that nice juxtaposition. And you're giving it time instead of just jumping straight into it. It won't feel like one long sentence.
carloscaglia: Okay. Yeah.
Mircea Gogoncea: As I look at the text, thank you for pasting it. As I look at the text in the chat, I know it is the issue. The issue is, there is a lot of characters in a really small short time. There is 4 videos. There is Xori, which is the name of your company. There is biopharmaceutical. There is a producer and the famous agency. There's a lot of nouns. There's a lot of nouns. I understand. You need to pack it. You need to pack it like that because it's a picture. It needs to be dense. But
Mircea Gogoncea: that sentence to me is too long and too many characters are introduced too soon. So if I say, when I go to the hotel that is run by my wife's friend's dog sitter you lost track of who runs the hotel right? So it's a little bit too many characters.
Mircea Gogoncea: I would even, you know my my 1st suggestion. There might be a better way to do this, but my my 1st suggestion would be to even go like I showed 4 videos exorted, did so. I showed the producer of a famous agency. 4 videos we did for biopharmaceutical, he said. Like it doesn't have to be, you know.
carloscaglia: Okay.
Mircea Gogoncea: In speaking, we do shorter sentences, and we don't worry about repeating as much as we do in writing. In writing. Repeating is a big no-no right? But in speaking this could easily be 2 or even 3 sentences exhorted 4 videos of biopharmaceuticals. I showed them to the producer of a famous agency, he said they would have taken him 3, 4 months. That's so much more clear in my mind. Now you don't have to go that hard.
carloscaglia: No, no, I get it.
Mircea Gogoncea: Lot. But yeah, yeah.
Mircea Gogoncea: and then, if you have a complicated sentence like this, you can make it work by pausing at the right moment. And then you really have to rehearse that when I showed
Mircea Gogoncea: the 4 videos that we did for biopharmaceuticals to the producer of a no, it's still too long. Sorry I can't. I can't make it work. I can't make it work. So okay, that's my feedback. Other than that. I think it was great.
carloscaglia: Thank you. Thank you. Guys.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah.
Sambhav Mehta: Awesome.
Sambhav Mehta: Meg, do you wanna go next.
Meg Hall: Yeah, sure.
Sambhav Mehta: Perfect.
Meg Hall: And, Mirja, I'm at that conference that I was telling you about the one we were talking about. I'm at now today. Yeah.
Mircea Gogoncea: Amazing. I hope it goes well.
Meg Hall: Thank you. I already got 2 leads this morning, and I've only went down there at 7 am. So it's good.
Mircea Gogoncea: Awesome. Okay? So you might need to drop off after some point right.
Meg Hall: Yeah, after after I go, I'm probably gonna hop. Okay. So the enterprise sales industry is broken and sales teams are struggling to close large deals. We've made it far too easy for sales. Reps to buy a list and spam it. You've probably felt this. Your inbox is flooded with spam messages. Which is why, in the last year, cold emailing response rates are down by more than 30%
Meg Hall: for enterprise sales reps who have a limited number of named accounts that they can prospect into spamming, hurts their brand reputation, and ultimately leads the sales, reps to chasing small deals, leaving millions of dollars of revenue on the table.
Meg Hall: Well, sales play is the opposite of that. We help enterprise. Sales reps to win bigger deals by being more thoughtful and strategic about how they prospect into large accounts.
Meg Hall: We do this by surfacing the latest news and insights, and creating a unique point of view on why that business needs your business
Meg Hall: and then generating personalized slides and documents throughout the sales cycle. Yes, cold emailing is still part one of the ways that we encourage reps to reach out. But it's just one of the many channels that reps can use to deliver a more thoughtful and impactful message. Let me show you how.
Mircea Gogoncea: And do you do video first, st or pitch 1st congrats? By the way.
Meg Hall: Pitch first.st
Mircea Gogoncea: Pitch. First, st okay, pitch, first, st video, second. And what's our goal is to get investors or customers or.
Meg Hall: Both I want. I want it all.
Mircea Gogoncea: Give me everything.
Meg Hall: Yes.
Mircea Gogoncea: So I have a thought I'll let Andrew go. I have a very short thought.
Mircea Gogoncea: About halfway through the pitch.
Mircea Gogoncea: I would still have been confused about whether you're a spam guard or what exactly you do like. I know you. I know I know your product. You've shown it to me, one on one. It's great. I love it. But
Mircea Gogoncea: it's it's just like yours, almost.
Mircea Gogoncea: that you're so worried about people seeing you as a spam tool. I think that for the 1st solid 30 seconds I felt like you were. Gonna sell me one of these like delete me incogni services that like protect your inbox from from spam, and that
Mircea Gogoncea: yeah, not what you do. I understand what they're trying to say, but I would be.
Mircea Gogoncea: I would be careful with that impression. I'm curious to hear what Andrew thought.
Meg Hall: That's interesting.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Yeah. And I love coming into this blind, not knowing what you guys do, because it gives me a a
Andrew Penner | Milo: pretty blank slate with which to operate. It's interesting because I actually
Andrew Penner | Milo: liked a lot of that pitch and always, I mean, I'm sure you guys have heard this from a thousand people. But we're an end of one, right? So occasionally, we're gonna agree with each other or disagree with each other, whatever it might be. And just take our feedback into consideration, maybe nothing more. But
Andrew Penner | Milo: I thought actually, I really liked the juxtaposition of here's you know, you laid out a pretty clear world that I think all of us have felt, which is, we deal with this bullshit of spam every day.
Andrew Penner | Milo: And I love the Stat. That cold email reply, rates have dropped by 30% year over year. I think that's a great one. And it's poignant. And again, something we can all feel
Andrew Penner | Milo: I think.
Andrew Penner | Milo: where? Where I agree with Mircia is that you might have lingered on that a little too long, and it didn't feel like I got the payoff at the end with how your product totally solves that right.
Meg Hall: The demo comes into play because the demo you get it a lot more.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Okay, that's good cause.
Meg Hall: You want to say hi to everybody.
Andrew Penner | Milo: I found myself.
Meg Hall: Sweat is right here.
Meg Hall: Hello, everybody everybody knows she's my co-founder. Okay, go ahead. Keep going.
Andrew Penner | Milo: No, I found myself just kind of wanting to close that loop, and I'm not sure it got closed. Maybe the the video or Demo pay pays off on that.
Andrew Penner | Milo: But I think you could maybe trade 5 seconds or something like that of the spam talk, for you know, 5 seconds of a little more detail on the product, and setting yourself up.
Meg Hall: Okay, like a little bit more of like what we do. And you think, moving it up a little bit more like in the talk track so that way, it's clear.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Yeah, I think so. Like, I think the 1st 20 seconds I probably wouldn't touch. I think it lays a really nice landscape after you hit with that 30% reply, Stat is
Andrew Penner | Milo: kind of in my mind when I really wanted it to go towards, okay, well, what do you do? And how do you solve that.
Andrew Penner | Milo: And I I feel like it might have dragged down a little longer than that.
Andrew Penner | Milo: I wouldn't be concerned about the time I know it, said 1. 0 5
Andrew Penner | Milo: big thing that all of you are gonna do is just rehearse, rehearse, rehearse right. You need to know this stuff cold, and you're not gonna worry about any of the slip ups or pauses.
Andrew Penner | Milo: but save that for once you nail it down. I think that was really strong overall.
Meg Hall: Cool thanks.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah, and I have some notes about that for everybody. We can talk about them at the end. Or however, you want about like how to rehearse that like some music principles.
Mircea Gogoncea: In fact, I'll I'll say them really quick. I think you were. You were. You had them memorized right. Meg, like that was from memory.
Meg Hall: No, I don't have a I don't have a memory.
Meg Hall: I was.
Meg Hall: I was reading.
Mircea Gogoncea: All right. So I have some suggestions that really helped in my pitch, and these come from music practice the pitch differently. So practice saying it super slow half speed practice saying it extremely fast, and practice starting in the middle, starting in different spots. That's the most. That's how a musician practices.
Mircea Gogoncea: and it's easiest. If you take the last bit, you learn that, and then you take the bit before that, you learn that, and then it feels like you're coming home. You're coming to the part that you know the best, because you know the end better than the beginning. Otherwise we always tend to emphasize. If we always just practice the whole pitch, we tend to learn the beginning much better than the end, and that can mess with us like if we lose it, we need to be able to catch it where we where we are. And the only way to be able to do that is to just know every section and be able to start at every section.
Mircea Gogoncea: So I think you know, as you practice it slow and fast, you'll have versions that will be 1 min and 20 seconds. You'll have versions that are going to be 55 seconds. Yeah, that's
Mircea Gogoncea: I'm not worried about that as well. I also love the statistic with the 30% down. For reply reply, rates, I'm like, Hey, I have an excuse now for why people are not replying to my campaigns.
Meg Hall: Yeah, definitely, those are great tips.
Mircea Gogoncea: And my last thing which is related to what I said before.
Mircea Gogoncea: take away that part where you say like, even though we do also do cold email like that sounds like you're embarrassed of what you do. That sounds I for me that that sounds like it's not.
Meg Hall: Yeah, that wasn't the pitch before, but they had me add it back in last time, because they were saying like, Well, if you don't do a cold email. What do you do? Is what they were. They felt wondering.
Mircea Gogoncea: I, you can. You can answer that question a different way. You can be like from cold email to scripts for phone calls to blah blah! We do it all now. That might be longer. That might be too long. But but something like that it just
Mircea Gogoncea: it just shouldn't. I mean to me. I had the feeling that you were a little embarrassed, and and maybe that's not true, but that but that's how it came came off to me, and again, N. Of one, don't listen to me too much. I might be totally wrong.
Meg Hall: I appreciate it.
Meg Hall: Anything from the the rest of the techstars team cohort.
Ankur Toshniwal: I thought the intro was awesome.
Ankur Toshniwal: I tell you I thought this was even better than last time.
Meg Hall: Okay. Cool.
antoinecarriere: Yeah, it was. It was really good.
antoinecarriere: I think the the point that Mersha has about the the spam or
antoinecarriere: protector. I would. I would wonder.
antoinecarriere: I don't know that it's a problem, even if you can get derailed a little bit. I don't know if it's a problem.
antoinecarriere: so I wouldn't over rotate on that, because it felt it felt very, and there was a there was value in the repetition. And so that's.
Meg Hall: Okay, cool. I mean, hopefully, I just hook them long enough to keep listening right? And then they watch the video and they love it.
Meg Hall: That's what we want.
Meg Hall: Well, I'm sure you will cool.
Meg Hall: Thanks, guys.
Sambhav Mehta: That was an awesome pitch, but, Ismel, if you wanna.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Yeah, sure.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Yeah. So just to explain. So the purpose of this page for us would be like getting some warm intros to like manufacturers in the field, like part manufacturers, manufacturing industry, and everything in this regard.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: And we start with video first.st And I have a short note actually in my page as well, like connecting linking to the video, basically. So that's I mean, we start with video, okay.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: initially.
Alex Nativelle: So shall I start?
Alex Nativelle: Can you just walk us through what the video is like? Really fast? So that we have the context. For, like your pitch.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Oh, yes. So video would be about like,
Esmaeil Sadeghi: the overall. I mean, just like
Esmaeil Sadeghi: giving some intro like about our product, basically. So from a very like broad perspective.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: like manufacturing issue. And then there are, there is like a hero like our solution optifab. And then there would be like some some example, like like some perfect part, for instance, in the airplanes. So these are like some very general topics that we are covering in the video. But then, in the pitch, we would be trying to go deeper into the details like what we do, what, how we do it
Esmaeil Sadeghi: and what is the market, for instance?
Esmaeil Sadeghi: But we would think like, if you start with pitch. Probably the audience doesn't make like a connection to what we are offering.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: That was.
Mircea Gogoncea: The video. So the video introduces the context and the solution. Pretty much so. They know they know that we, we imagine we must imagine. We know that in the beginning.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Yeah, at least, you know, at least they know it's all about manufacturing, like, kind of like. So this, like the contest, is like manufacturing now
Esmaeil Sadeghi: is different from the other team members.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: So okay, let's start. Now, do you know what the space rockets Ct scanners and wind turbines have in common.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: They all rely on mission critical parts, and even a tiny defect can cause a million dollar failure sometime it costs human lives.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: The failure you saw in the video. It wasn't due to bad design. It was how the power was made under unstable
Esmaeil Sadeghi: shop floor conditions. That's when manufacturer lose more than money. They lose time, trust, and reputation. And that's where optifab comes in. We help manufacturers get it right. The 1st time
Esmaeil Sadeghi: our AI software reads sensor data predicts failure points and recommends optimal process. Setting before a single dollar is spent on a scrap.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: We are built for manufacturers like Siemens Honeywell, Ge. Aerospace operating in a 2 trillion dollars North American manufacturing market, where 20% of output still ends up in rework delays or failure.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Thank you very much.
Mircea Gogoncea: Guys, I'll let Andrew go first.st
Andrew Penner | Milo: I'm always going 1st here. I guess you you went 1st last time.
Mircea Gogoncea: I can do it if you want. I just want to be.
Andrew Penner | Milo: I got it.
Mircea Gogoncea: I don't want to monopolize. I tend to like monopolize. So yeah.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Yeah, no, I think you've been doing having really good feedback. I mean, I I have a few things. And we'll probably bounce back and forth between me and Misha. But
Andrew Penner | Milo: First, st I question the order, but we can talk about that. Secondly, when it comes to the opener
Andrew Penner | Milo: There might be a stronger way to introduce it. I think you probably, if you're saying, if you're asking a rhetorical question.
Andrew Penner | Milo: especially one like that, there's
Andrew Penner | Milo: you might be able to play a humor angle if you pause on it for a minute, and then you're like No, No. One, really. And then you keep going, but that's 1 angle. Another angle might be to really emphasize. I think it's so important what you said maybe 15 seconds, in which is that for a lot of these companies there's human lives at stake, right? I think everyone at this point is probably familiar with
Andrew Penner | Milo: what was it Boeing with that rocket.
Andrew Penner | Milo: and people got stuck, and Spacex had to save them right. I'm not sure how much of that was was related to equipment, manufacturing or not. But I think there's some stories you can pull from, and you can make people feel that a little more emotionally, I think, creating an emotional connection. There.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: That was actually the video. So the video we have, it's like a like engine like airplane engine like on fire.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: And so we hope that this emotion would like, come up there in that video, and then we would follow up that with our pitch.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: But yeah, so you're right totally here. So it has to be.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: or connection like emotional connection. Here.
Andrew Penner | Milo: So that makes a ton of sense. So if you're gonna tee that up in the video, follow up on the video right like you can double down on that.
Andrew Penner | Milo: You know. People probably have mixed thoughts about rhetorical openers. I generally kind of think that
Andrew Penner | Milo: unless you're making a joke or something with them. It probably there's probably a stronger way to lead into a pitch, because, just like on social media right, the 1st 3 seconds are the most important part, you gotta hook people, and you have to earn every additional second that somebody is listening. And so
Andrew Penner | Milo: that's kind of where I would start, and I'll let Mirsha interject and and follow up with some of my other thoughts.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah. So I don't mind the rhetorical start. I think it's cool. I do have a suggestion for it. You don't need to say, do you know what? Just say? What do these 3 things have in common? What do rocket? Blah? Blah? I forgot the things. But what start directly. Not do you know yet I don't know. You tell me right.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Other way of doing it.
Mircea Gogoncea: I have more questions or more feedback about the delivery than the content.
Mircea Gogoncea: my only content feedback is when you say 20 trillion dollar manufacturing market. I immediately think top down. Tam
Mircea Gogoncea: equals useless, like, I immediately think you know. Yeah, it's a big, big value, but it doesn't mean anything that's not your damn. You're not going to manufacture everything. And so, you know, it's it's I understand what you're doing. But my immediate thought was like discount that discount that and slightly less credibility. Now that was my thought.
Mircea Gogoncea: But most of the feedback that I have is is about the delivery. So some sentences you swallowed the end you didn't fully finish, and you immediately went to the next.
Mircea Gogoncea: and on some others
Mircea Gogoncea: kind of the opposite happens happened where you were a little stuck on one sentence a little bit too much. I'm gonna ask you the same that I did at the very beginning. Can you? Can you redo the 1st
Mircea Gogoncea: 20 seconds of the pitch, or however much I'm not, wherever is a natural place to stop. I just want to hear that again.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Okay, so I'll start with you. Now then.
Mircea Gogoncea: Sure you don't have to apply it right now. But yeah.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: So do you know what the space Rocket, Ct. Scanners and wind turbines have in common?
Esmaeil Sadeghi: They all rely on mission critical parts, and even a tiny defect can cause a million dollar failure
Esmaeil Sadeghi: sometime it costs human lives.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: The failure you saw in the video it wasn't due to a bad design. It was how the part was made under unstable shop floor conditions.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah, so very good this already. I think it was better. The 3 items that you enumerate in the beginning.
Mircea Gogoncea: I don't rush over them don't rush over them because I ct scanners especially. It's like 2 words. It's like Ct. Scanners. I keep hearing CD like I'm thinking of Cds a little bit right? And maybe that's my bias as a musician. But even with those, what do rocket launchers? Ct scanners? And it's also it's annoying, because right? Is it? Rocket launchers? Is the 1st one rocket launchers.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: It was a space. Rockets.
Mircea Gogoncea: Space rockets. There you go. Space rockets. Ct, that's annoying. Right space rockets. Ct, there's rockets. And then Ct, can you reverse them? Can you say space rockets, whatever else? Oh, no, because whatever is going to be in plural is still going to start with, it's gonna end with an S right. So it doesn't help.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: I feel like jet engines, for instance, like jet engine like instead of cities. Kind of. I wanted to like cover. Different sectors
Esmaeil Sadeghi: stay safe.
Mircea Gogoncea: Just.
Mircea Gogoncea: I suggest saying, space rockets, jet engines, and Ct. Scanners that's going to flow off the tongue more naturally because you don't have to say, rockets. Ct, that's annoying when you have to do that. And an actor, if they had that to say, because sometimes it's unavoidable, you can use it a loud pause. Right? So you could say, space rockets. Ct scanners like you almost breathe in, and that separates the 2 words.
Mircea Gogoncea: yeah. And then, after that it was pretty good. It was pretty good. You took more time in between the sentences, and I know that your time is limited, and you have to keep within the 1 min limit, but if it doesn't fit within the 1 min limit with these
Mircea Gogoncea: breaks, then it is too long.
Mircea Gogoncea: The breaks are not optional, the breaks are more important, almost in the content. And I saw somebody. Oh, yeah, Andrew said, said. That comment about pregnant pauses in the in the chat. Yeah, I agree with that. 100%.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Okay, yeah, that makes sense. Yeah, thank you very much.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Can I ask you to just read the last half? One more time, too.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: That's from like the second half, almost, or.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Yep.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Okay? And that's where artifact comes in. We help manufacturer get it right? The 1st time
Esmaeil Sadeghi: our AI software reads sensor data predicts failure points and recommend optimal process. Setting before a single dollar is is spent on the scrap.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: We are built for manufacturer like Zmas, Honeywell and Ga. Aerospace operating in a 2 trillion dollar North American manufacturing market, where 20% of output still ends up in rework delays or failure.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Got it.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Yeah, I think
Andrew Penner | Milo: I don't have a ton of feedback on the content there. I think it's just going to be really important to emphasize those numbers. You know.
Andrew Penner | Milo: 2 trillion dollar market, where 20% of the output like, pause a little bit, give those numbers a little bit of room, and I think you'll
Andrew Penner | Milo: it. It feels very
Andrew Penner | Milo: congested right now. But I think if you just do that one little thing, it's probably gonna space it out and make it a lot more digestible.
Mircea Gogoncea: And time it with the spaces. If it's too long, you have to shorten it also. What's that word you're saying, scrap or something? I don't know much about manufacturing, but what is that? The word.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Waste, waste, waste.
Mircea Gogoncea: But he said something before, yeah, okay, that. So it is crap. That's that's what it is. That's what it is. Okay. Okay. I just wasn't sure if that was the right word, I got it.
Esmaeil Sadeghi: Yeah, so I think these are great points.
Mircea Gogoncea: Cool, and I agree with with Andrew and all all his comments.
Sambhav Mehta: That's awesome to smell, and I really like your pitch as well. Encore! I believe you're next awesome.
Ankur Toshniwal: Alright. Honestly, I just changed up some stuff even now. So
Ankur Toshniwal: we'll see. Okay, so context is our primary. Primary audience is early investors.
Ankur Toshniwal: And we're
Ankur Toshniwal: gonna have the video. First, st the video is a demo of a specific use case with sales play and there we're gonna have. We're gonna have Meg be talking about her use case using harvest all the way from
Ankur Toshniwal: her specific problem, like hyper specific problem down to using it, getting the benefit, and then finally saying, Hey, like this is how it saved my company. 11 h of work and reduce it to 15 min, and this much money. And finally, that's kind of like where it's leaping off like basic things to harvest.
Ankur Toshniwal: And so that that intros me into nice
Ankur Toshniwal: scaling up from sales. Play X sales Intelligence Giant Zoom Info spent over 80 million dollars last year on labor and infrastructure to extract web data.
Ankur Toshniwal: their analysts and engineers manually flip through websites and maintain thousands of lines of code to serve researched information to their customers. These operations don't scale efficiently and drain resources away from product development and cost customer onboarding
Ankur Toshniwal: 96% of the world's web data is trapped behind logins, search bars and load more buttons.
Ankur Toshniwal: Extracting this data normally takes 30 data engineers and analysts working together
Ankur Toshniwal: with harvest. One person can do the work of 30.
Ankur Toshniwal: Harvest gives businesses an unfair information advantage by automating web data extraction without coding or manual research.
Ankur Toshniwal: I know you guys want to know.
Ankur Toshniwal: I don't have the transition ready, but does it.
Mircea Gogoncea: Nice, nice. I am biased because we love your product, and we want to use it as well. So I I think that's great. I think that's really cool. And I'm also really selfishly, very happy to hear behind login as one of the things that you mentioned in the pitch itself. That's awesome. That means that guys are really considering it cool. So maybe Andrew should go 1st on this one, just because I know your business too. Well.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Yeah, I don't have a ton. Sales play X was that the
Andrew Penner | Milo: Can you remind me of how that intersects here.
Ankur Toshniwal: Yeah. So they're they're that's the next business. Sorry? Yeah, that's.
Andrew Penner | Milo: And that's from the video. I got it. Okay, that was the only point of confusion which would not be a point of confusion to anyone else listening, I think overall.
Andrew Penner | Milo: The pitch was really strong, it was clear the value proposition is definitely there.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Your pacing, I think, was really strong like I I don't have a ton of notes.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah. Oof, what am I gonna say here? I'm not sure this is very good. This is very good.
Mircea Gogoncea: scaling up from sales. Play X,
Mircea Gogoncea: intelligence giant zoom info spends. Blah. Blah, yeah, yeah, no, this. I
Mircea Gogoncea: I don't. Can you say it again? That's it. It's very good. Yeah. I agree. I agree with that scaling up from sales play X, you can just say, beyond sales, play X or something like that, you know.
Mircea Gogoncea: yeah.
Mircea Gogoncea: just you know what? Just do it again. This is what teach. This is what music teachers do when they don't have much to say, because then the second time you can
Mircea Gogoncea: you amplify some of your feelings right? Some of your initial feelings.
Ankur Toshniwal: That's right.
Mircea Gogoncea: Again.
Ankur Toshniwal: The Intro.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah, just the whole.
Mircea Gogoncea: No, the whole pitch.
Ankur Toshniwal: The whole thing. Okay?
Ankur Toshniwal: Well, alright, is there a different thing? I can? I mean, I I thought, scaling up because it well, any rec. Any anyone have a recommendation from, instead of scaling up.
Mircea Gogoncea: Throw it out! There!
Ankur Toshniwal: Beyond.
Alex Nativelle: Sounds good. I think it's better.
Andrew Fernandes: I would say something, maybe something to the effect of businesses.
Ankur Toshniwal: From small to large, or something to that effect.
Ankur Toshniwal: See how it works. And then.
Ankur Toshniwal: beyond sales play X sales Intelligence Giant Zoom Info spent over 80 million dollars last year on labor and infrastructure to extract web data.
Ankur Toshniwal: their analysts and engineers manually flip through websites and maintain thousands of lines of code to serve research information to their customers.
Ankur Toshniwal: These operations don't scale efficiently and drain resources away from product development and customer onboarding
Ankur Toshniwal: 96% of the world's web data is trapped behind logins, search bars and load more buttons.
Ankur Toshniwal: Extra extracting this data normally takes 30 data. Engineers and analysts working together
Ankur Toshniwal: with harvest. One person can do the work of 30.
Ankur Toshniwal: Harvest gives businesses an unfair information advantage by automating web data, extraction without coding and manual research.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah, no, no, no notes. I mean, the only thing I thought of is why 30? Why, exactly what you said, 96% of the world's data. And I'm like, Wait 30 people can get all of it. 30 people can get 96% of the world's data. I then understood the play with like, okay, so we make the same as 30, like we make, you have the power of 30. But before that the 30 confused me
Mircea Gogoncea: because it really sounded to me like you were saying, 30 humans can extract 96% of the world's data. So then how is this a business. You can just get 30 people and do it. And that's and it's done. I understand that's not what you meant. But yeah.
Ankur Toshniwal: Yeah. So I'll tell you where it comes from, and maybe you can help me fix it. Antoine. I think you maybe have something similar, or
Ankur Toshniwal: that's why.
antoinecarriere: My my version of that is the the bigger the number, the harder to believe.
antoinecarriere: and so find a number that is big enough that it's meaningful, indisputably, but not too big. And so I don't know if 30 is the right number for that.
Ankur Toshniwal: Does 30 feel too big. So the reason I use 30 is that's a real number that we have been told.
Ankur Toshniwal: like we know that number by actually speaking to
Ankur Toshniwal: sales. Intelligence orgs at Enterprise scale that are like 1 billion dollar company. So that's what we know. And that's where that number comes from. I can even say, after you know, we we've spoken to enterprise companies as like A,
Ankur Toshniwal: you know, just to
Ankur Toshniwal: I don't provide some.
Ankur Toshniwal: I don't know credibility on that, or I'm not sure.
Mircea Gogoncea: Instead of we've spoken to, you could say
Mircea Gogoncea: enterprise companies say, or enterprise companies have told us that they need 30 people for blah blah! Maybe that's like I'm super nitpicking at this point.
Mircea Gogoncea: Only thing.
Alex Nativelle: Yeah.
Mircea Gogoncea: That I could. Yeah.
Alex Nativelle: Well, maybe maybe I didn't understand correctly, but I heard like, it takes 30 days for a team to do that. And then one person replaces 30 people. So I had a bit of confusion between 30 days and 30 people.
Ankur Toshniwal: Oh, I said, I said, 30 data engineers, I can say I can probably just remove data. I can just say 30 engineers, simpler.
Alex Nativelle: I remember.
Ankur Toshniwal: Data yeah.
Alex Nativelle: Okay, my, bad.
antoinecarriere: And if you say if you say customer, I'll
antoinecarriere: the other day you know you don't have to say your customer the other day, my one of our prospect, or whatever, if you if you name it, then the credibility issue doesn't. Doesn't kind of trigger, you know. If you're quoting someone who said, 30, and it's very clear you're quoting perfect.
Ankur Toshniwal: Yeah, but it was. It wasn't zoom info. I don't want to introduce another person.
Ankur Toshniwal: You don't even yeah.
antoinecarriere: No, no, but that's the so. Something you make it so natural. It's like the other day.
Ankur Toshniwal: You're right. I could do that. I like that. I'll try that. I'll try. How many, how many seconds was I? I had a couple of seconds left. Okay, I'll I'll try it. Then I'll try that. Thanks. Yeah, that's a good idea. I like that.
Andrew Penner | Milo: One man's opinion. I wouldn't sweat 30 too much. I didn't question it. What was the last sentence.
Ankur Toshniwal: Well, I guess so. Also I haven't put in a a transition to the Q&A. So I, aside from that. But the ending of the main pitch is harvest gives businesses an unfair information advantage by automating web data extraction without coding. Manual research.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Got it, and then you'll have the transition. Yeah, I like it.
Ankur Toshniwal: I does. Okay. One thing I was curious about is
Ankur Toshniwal: the the question that we always get or is like, is it clear? Or to you guys?
Ankur Toshniwal: it does it come into your mind like, why Chat gpt is different, like
Ankur Toshniwal: because we were, we were trying to decide whether or not we even bring them up.
Alex Nativelle: I feel like.
Ankur Toshniwal: That seems like a common question.
carloscaglia: Not even quite my mind.
Ankur Toshniwal: Okay, cool. I feel like the fact.
Alex Nativelle: You said, 96% of the web is hidden between login buttons, etc. This feels I'm like, yeah, it feels right, like most of the time when I'm scrolling, I click on those buttons. And I'm like, Yeah, Chatgpt doesn't do that like, of course, the question is still looming, but
Alex Nativelle: it's not as strong as it was on previous iterations of the pitch. I would say.
Ankur Toshniwal: Okay, great. So then I won't even bring it up. I don't even wanna like confuse people or, okay, awesome. Thank you.
Andrew Penner | Milo: I completely agree with Vivian. Save it for the Q. And a like. That's your your pitch is doing its job. Let's let the Q. And a. Do its job.
Mircea Gogoncea: I agree. I think that's awesome.
Ankur Toshniwal: Thanks, all.
Sambhav Mehta: Perfect. Alex, you're up next.
Alex Nativelle: We said. We're we're still figuring out what we do. So we we can go last if you want, and then let Vivian start.
Sambhav Mehta: Oh, okay, cool. Yeah. That's fine.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: Hello.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: so my objective is not. I'm not fundraising. So my objective is to get everyone to want to help me connect with all of their automotive connections, and because most people don't know who they know in auto and don't realize it, my goal is to get them to to make that search. So
Vivian @makingautoeasy: that's my pitch, my objective. I'm going pitch 1st and then Demo second.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: Okay.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: car shopping sucks, and we all know why. Yes, there are too many options. But the real problem is that no one trusts the process. The truth is, salespeople today are at the mercy of a reputation. They did not create, based on decades of bad behavior and every moment of silence, every unexpected number, only tightens that stereotype
Vivian @makingautoeasy: salespeople aren't the enemy. They actually want to help you. They just don't have the right tools. The industry's tried training, marketing and even rebranding salespeople to product specialists. But they're trying to deliver a world class experience still using the same process. And I've personally worked with over 100 dealerships, and I hear the same thing. The process is
Vivian @makingautoeasy: broken. The industry is still running on paper forms and memory to close deals, and it burns through people. Dealerships flip up to 80% of their sales teams every year, and it costs them $45,000 every time.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: The next generation of car buyers and sellers are already here, and we are giving them the tools to help them rewrite that narrative. The future of car buying isn't sales. It's personalized, intelligent, and built on trust, and it's inevitable.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: I think I sped up at the end.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: because I feel like it's getting long.
Mircea Gogoncea: Nice nice!
Mircea Gogoncea: How long was that? I know that you've been a 1 on one perfect.
Sambhav Mehta: One on one, yeah.
Mircea Gogoncea: That's a good. That's a good length. Okay? So I have a thought. I, 1st of all, you're a rock star. That sounds so good. There's so much charisma, and it's personable and real and just like 10 out of 10 on delivery.
Mircea Gogoncea: my only issue with this is that it sounded like you were. Just.
Mircea Gogoncea: you're just talking about the problem like 90% of the pitch. And I understand that maybe that's resolved in the video.
Mircea Gogoncea: The general wisdom that I've received from
Mircea Gogoncea: from all my pitch coaches is you can spend about 15%, maybe 20% of your time on the problem maximum, absolute maximum. Beyond that, you're not really proving a solution. You're just proving that there is a market. But
Mircea Gogoncea: for an investor it wouldn't be necessarily convincing that you have the solution to it. So.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: Remember I'm not, but I'm not looking for an investor.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah, I know. I know. I know that's right. That's right. But I I am I
Mircea Gogoncea: I would strongly encourage you to talk more about what you do. That's my big thing. Now, if Neil said, this is okay, and you've been practicing, maybe with some of the other people, you know. Don't. I know nothing, don't! Don't take my word over theirs, but my opinion is, I want like twice as much about what you do 3 times about what you more than I mean. I only got that it's personalized and and smart, that's all I got from it like this process sucks.
Mircea Gogoncea: which I knew already. I've bought a car, and I would have believed you if you only spent 10 seconds on it. You know.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: Hello!
Mircea Gogoncea: But yeah, what what did you think? Andrew?
Andrew Penner | Milo: Yeah, I actually am gonna plus one that I couldn't actually make sense of whether you were b 2 b or B to C,
Andrew Penner | Milo: which is probably something you want to make clear. And I think that's a consequence of focusing on the problem, because in my head
Andrew Penner | Milo: I mean your delivery was incredible, like, really, really good. And I wanted so badly to understand what the product was.
Andrew Penner | Milo: And for me, I jumped back and forth between. Okay, her product is empowering existing salespeople.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Then I thought, Wait, is it helping with salesperson retention? Because she mentioned the attrition stat? And then you talked about the future being more personalized and kind of consumer centric
Andrew Penner | Milo: which then made me think it was B to C. So there was a lot of jumping there. And I think that jumping happened because so much time was spent on the problem. And so there's probably a more clear way to connect those dots?
Andrew Penner | Milo: Can I ask you like, what do you do?
Vivian @makingautoeasy: So. So I've designed it this way. And it's hard like, this is the feedback I get without the context of the video and the QA. Because everything you asked is exactly what I answer, and like the 1st 2 questions of the QA. It is like, the problem is like the like. Who am I building this for?
Vivian @makingautoeasy: The and I? My answer, part of that is like it is, this is a 2 sided problem, and everybody looks at it from the side of only the dealership, and my advantage is I come from the consumer side.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: So I bridge that gap because the ultimate root problem of everything. Every time that I've tried to build my product, which is originally started as matching people to the right vehicles, then it became matching people the right vehicles in the dealership, solving their process because their process is broken. There's gaps in the information that goes into their Crm. And they're not asking the right questions. So our system does all of those things. But the root problem is that
Vivian @makingautoeasy: people coming in don't want to tell salespeople anything, because they don't trust them. And then when they don't tell them the information because the salesperson doesn't have what they need to work with.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: and then it just repeats the cycle over and over again. So this what we're building is an intake system and a customer experience that allows both sides to show up to the party and get what they want out of it in like a different way. So that's why it's been very much focused on the problem. And then the video shows the interaction of how it's being used in store.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: And then the QA. Answers those questions that you mentioned.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah, okay.
Mircea Gogoncea: I want to say something about that. So I did something similar in my 1st draft of my of my pitch. I thought, I'm gonna use the different sections of the pitch for different things, and I will have one section dedicated to one thing, another section dedicated to another thing, and I decided not to do it after the feedback that I received from other people. And I want to introduce a concept to you that you might be aware of. But
Mircea Gogoncea: it comes from many years decades of experience. So as a teacher, as a professor.
Mircea Gogoncea: we have this concept of the knowledge spiral, which is that
Mircea Gogoncea: you say something once, and it doesn't mean anything, and you say it again deeper, and it means more, and you say it again, deeper and deeper and deeper and deeper. And that's how you learn. I want to tell you from the experience of having taught thousands of students and having pitched, you know, a lot, not only with my business, but in general. If you tell people something once.
Mircea Gogoncea: there's 0 chance, they will remember. And I tell my student to do a thing with their fingers a certain way, or to do something, or to not to do something, come back the next week, and they're doing it again right? And so the only thing to actually the only way to actually put something in people's minds is repetition. And this 3 section format lets you
Mircea Gogoncea: repeat and go deeper with every one of the sections. So instead of having one having the pitch dedicated to one thing, the video to another, and the Q&A to another, they should be. They should all contain all information, and just get deeper into it with each iteration, and that will let you have
Mircea Gogoncea: that will actually stay in people's minds in the same way that in music a chorus comes back again and again, and again and again within a song, and that's what makes it catchy. That's what makes it stay in your mind. So I would strongly encourage you to consider
Mircea Gogoncea: imagining each section as an opportunity to go deeper into each problem rather than as an opportunity to present a totally different aspect of it. That's just my feedback, and I realize that I'm asking a big change of you, so please don't do it. If that's not the right thing, consult with everybody else. But but keep in mind that people will not understand everything in the first, st in in the whatever amount of time you have for each section. So yeah.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: Off more on the side of like what we do where it is right now and then. I've gotten the feedback to to talk about the root problem. So this is like the ping pong, like, maybe I need to just find a balance and find something to get rid of. So I can end off with more about
Vivian @makingautoeasy: the business.
Mircea Gogoncea: Mentor, with.
Andrew Penner | Milo: If you
Andrew Penner | Milo: if you get one thing, one thing you want people to remember by the end of this, what is it.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: I want. So the ultimate goal is when I need them to pay attention for the full 6 min like that is key thing is like holy shit. This is cool. This is important. I want them to recognize that the future of car buying is inevitably going to be in this direction.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: and then I want them to want to help me like it's it's less about like. And the whole point is, I want to have more conversations. But if I come out of this and coming to techstars, I was like, I wanted more connections into the industry. I want to find my future investors, which will be automotive people. I walk out of this demo day with 50 automotive connections. That's a win for me.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Those, and I'm I'm pushing back a little bit.
Andrew Penner | Milo: and I don't. I don't want you to take it the wrong way, but those feel more like outputs
Andrew Penner | Milo: like those will be the consequence of of a bunch of things that you do. But what
Andrew Penner | Milo: what is the big thing you want people to remember it's not going to be. I want to help this person, because that's a consequence of everything else you do right.
Andrew Penner | Milo: It's not necessarily going to be unless you can present some really good data and create a pretty irrefutable picture that the future of car buying is almost certainly this way.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Maybe you can do that. But if
Andrew Penner | Milo: you know the things you can control, you might want people to remember the problem. You might want people to remember
Andrew Penner | Milo: something about your company, something about you like, what? What is it?
Andrew Penner | Milo: I'm gonna ask you to go one level deeper.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: Yeah, I've always been focusing on the product of like this works really well.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: But I've I've always had a hard time of talking about where I go from here.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Well, why does it work really well?
Andrew Penner | Milo: What does it do that makes it work so.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: Faster, and it's easier. There's less friction. It's transparent.
Ankur Toshniwal: But for who? For both.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: For both.
Ankur Toshniwal: I think you need to say that
Ankur Toshniwal: I think I think that that's okay. I think that it's like being honest about the fact that you are addressing both, I think, is actually okay, because you have a really good reason to do it.
Ankur Toshniwal: And and you don't need to like like everyone else, is picking sides. In fact, that could be your your unique point of view. Every like, you know, some people are solving for this, and people are solving this. We understand this key point here and this key point here, bridging them.
Ankur Toshniwal: And I feel like that is, if you say that in a you know, in your story which you're really good at.
Ankur Toshniwal: I think that there's you're you're you actually have a great story of what you said everything afterwards.
Ankur Toshniwal: About. And we answered Andrew's question about like, so what exactly do you do?
Ankur Toshniwal: Was like the felt like the the full, honest truth. and and like I think you you
Ankur Toshniwal: I don't know. It's hard. You get a lot of you got a lot of a lot lot of people saying things to you. But
Ankur Toshniwal: you just. It's it's tough to see it, because I I know this stuff. Well, I know your your entire issue as well. And
Ankur Toshniwal: It's every time that you speak about it in a super frank or honest way. Of like what you're really trying to accomplish here where the magic comes out?
Ankur Toshniwal: And so I think, like.
Ankur Toshniwal: I think it's okay to just be like, really, really honest about what exactly you understand and saying like you come from the consumer side. I I think that's a little. It's a little weak. Because
Ankur Toshniwal: it it feels like you like you're
Ankur Toshniwal: it feels like you're coming from one side. But then, like you're trying to solve the other side, I think that the real and the truth is that you, you understand both. And that's the that's the magic that you have. And that's that's that's an incredible opportunity. I think. And you should. You should definitely tell people that in a
Ankur Toshniwal: your way at least, that's.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Yeah, I think it kind of all just clicked for me when you gave me those explanations, because
Andrew Penner | Milo: I work in a similar vertical. I know I didn't really talk about my company, but like we work in real estate, right? And our original mission was to completely replace real estate agents. But there's this fucking cartel of real estate agents that will not let themselves be replaced right? And it's also the biggest transaction that somebody makes in their life. And what's right behind that? It's it's auto, right? And so I think there is an angle to be had that is, look, salespeople have gotten a bad route, like everything that you kind of started with.
Andrew Penner | Milo: But say, you know you, the solution that can't necessarily just be going direct to consumer. Right? You need to bridge these 2 things is the one of the biggest purchases that people make, certainly the biggest purchase that people make with any degree of frequency.
Andrew Penner | Milo: And they need somebody to guide them through it. So we help take that consumer autonomy, or whatever you want to say, and bridge it with the with the professional, and I think there's probably a way you can construct that story where it becomes abundantly clear what you do in a really compelling way that then solves. Oh, you know what? Yeah, that I could totally see myself getting on board with that being the future of where this industry is going. I'd love to help her, and then it all comes full circle.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: That's helpful. Thank you.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Yeah.
Ankur Toshniwal: Also I had 1 1 small thing for the beginning. You you always say car buying sucks which I don't necessarily disagree with, but I don't see as a user or a consumer. I don't see car buying as an activity that I do.
Ankur Toshniwal: because it's not something I do multiple times, so I would consider shifting it to buying a car sucks
Ankur Toshniwal: right or or something that is directly like what I relate to as an individual, rather than because, like, I don't do it multiple times. So like I don't know the entire process. All I do is buy one car. And I've bought a car that sucks. Yeah.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: Okay.
Andrew Penner | Milo: It was really strong, and whatever your ultimate pitch ends up being the way you delivered, it was 10 out of 10.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: Thanks.
Mircea Gogoncea: That was, that was really something special. I mean, really, really, clearly, very, very, very, very, very strong.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: Thanks, guys, I'll I'll see how I can incorporate that.
Mircea Gogoncea: Great.
Sambhav Mehta: Trina, do you want to go up next.
Trina Das: Yes, for sure.
Trina Das: Okay. So I will go. Video first, st where I'll show the features on my product, on, like, how we are helping radiologists and lab tech teams
Trina Das: in the Us.
Trina Das: And we will be targeting
Trina Das: contacts to radiology labs. And anyone who's connected to the Med tech or biotech industry in the Us.
Trina Das: And of course, obviously investments are welcome.
Trina Das: So here I go.
Trina Das: Last year I lost my aunt to undiagnosed stomach cancer after suffering for many months in silence. Sadly, she's not the only one
Trina Das: in the Us. Over 11 billion medical diagnostic tests are conducted annually, yet up to 20% result in missed detections or false positives leading to unnecessary treatments, patient suffering, and over 20 billion dollars in lost money for medical imaging labs.
Trina Das: radiologist burnout human error and overwhelming test volumes contribute to a multi-billion dollar problem in healthcare
Trina Das: trins is on a mission to eliminate miss detections and false positives in imaging diagnostics.
Trina Das: Our all-in-one platform provides real-time radiology reading support, AI reading and pre-reading assistance. Trince also has tool stacks for lab tech teams to deploy FDA cleared AI reading assistance powered by clean structured data, real time support and automated error tracking compliantly trins, meticulously tracks, reading trails and errors and makes precision diagnostics and targeted medical treatments, a reality.
Trina Das: Our deep tech platform reduces diagnostic reading time by 90% and minimizes errors and fragmented lab workflows into scalable AI driven systems.
Trina Das: We are building trains because no one should suffer or lose a loved one due to misdetection or receive treatment. They didn't even need. Thank you.
Mircea Gogoncea: Nice, all right. So I must preface this by saying that I'm not a doctor, nor at all involved in the medical field, so I have to tell you. I lost you a little bit. It got too technical. It got a little technical.
Mircea Gogoncea: It sounds like I'm saying the opposite to what I just said to begin. But I'm not. I think the balance of you know how much it talked about. The problem versus the solution in this case was very good. I just lost you. It was very technical for me in the in the middle, so I would encourage you.
Mircea Gogoncea: I mean, it depends. Who do you think is going to be in the audience like, do you think there's gonna be people that will understand? Because in that case.
Mircea Gogoncea: maybe that's okay, right? But I would encourage you to to make it a little bit more accessible to dumb, normal people like me.
Trina Das: Okay. Sure.
Andrew Penner | Milo: I have.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Oh, go ahead!
Trina Das: I'm actually struggling because we are such a niche technical, deep tech problem that we are solving. I'm really struggling to make it clear for audience who's not from the radiology or imaging background. So that's 1 of the challenges that we have.
Mircea Gogoncea: Thank you. Need to make.
Mircea Gogoncea: Oh, go! Go ahead, Andrew.
Andrew Penner | Milo: No, I I just think you had a really good start with painting that picture to non technical people.
Andrew Penner | Milo: where you know you talked about. You gave a good story.
Andrew Penner | Milo: You talked about false positives leading to a lot of you know, excess cost of healthcare and and mistreatment.
Andrew Penner | Milo: The solution, especially for a pitch.
Andrew Penner | Milo: doesn't need to be in detail.
Trina Das: Okay.
Andrew Penner | Milo: E, even when you're selling like you're gonna speak to technical decision makers who need to know the ins and outs of the product right. But in a lot of marketing that companies do. A lot of companies make the mistake of trying to promote features and benefits.
Andrew Penner | Milo: People don't care about features and benefits right? They care about outcomes.
Andrew Penner | Milo: And so ultimately I would try and distill that down into
Andrew Penner | Milo: what is it ultimately that that your product solves and you can talk a little bit of how you get there. Probably better for the Q. And A, you're gonna probably need to cut
Andrew Penner | Milo: 2030 seconds off of it, because
Andrew Penner | Milo: you're gonna also need to leave time for some pauses for the places where you do get a little more technical. And in the weeds.
Andrew Penner | Milo: That's where your pacing is gonna need to be really
Andrew Penner | Milo: on point. The more you let that bleed into the next paragraph kind of thing it's it's just gonna lose people.
Andrew Penner | Milo: But you might be able to trim a lot of it. I think you had some interesting stats in there. I just they kind of went over my head again with everything that was said.
Andrew Penner | Milo: But I think if you focus on the higher level problem and solution that you have, and it is kind of funny, because it's almost the opposite of of Vivian.
Andrew Penner | Milo: But if you focus a little more on the higher level, then you can dig into the technical a little later. But I think people want to know, what are you doing? How are you different? How does this solve the problem, and then you can get into the deep tech and the stuff that really sets you apart. You just got to lay the groundwork first.st
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah.
Mircea Gogoncea: I I think you're gonna have to shorten it by a lot, because I see the time is 1 35. And if you're gonna have some rest, some breaks you might need to shorten like a solid 40 seconds off of it, which is about half.
Mircea Gogoncea: So I again I encourage you to follow the going deeper model. That's just what I think is the most successful model kind of what I was telling Vivian as well. But you know. Don't talk about maybe anything that you do. Just talk about the outcomes that your tool that your solution provides.
Mircea Gogoncea: You set the problem up very easily. Very well, then, set the outcomes of your solution like, set that expectation of we're gonna I don't know. Cut back on misdiagnosis. We're, gonna you know, our system will help you reduce the risk of getting something wrong. I think that's kind of what it does like. Did I understand correctly?
Mircea Gogoncea: That's the primary thing that you do right?
Mircea Gogoncea: So say it like that, and then you can go into how you do that later. Maybe you did it in the Q&A or maybe the video has some nice visualization of like, Oh, we take this data from here. And we, you know, compare it against something else. And whatever. But yeah, I would say, the 1st order of business is okay, clear problem.
Mircea Gogoncea: clear outcomes of your solution. Then after that you can go into how those outcomes are achieved, or how it's better than the current solutions that are available or anything like that. I think that's my primary piece of advice here.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Yeah, I think you can say, you know, with
Andrew Penner | Milo: whatever you know, however tangible you want it to be. But it can be with our product. People can live better lives without, you know, with the lower risk of misdiagnosis, save X on healthcare costs right? Those are probably the outputs.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Families can stay together and not be disrupted by this kind of thing. Right? Like whatever the emotional and functional triggers can be like, draw on those. And then, just like Mirsha said, like, get into more depth in the Q. And A, yeah.
Mircea Gogoncea: And you can say our product is a set of tools for practitioners, or it can be something else like that's that's fine. But then what it does is the most important thing, you know. That's that's it.
Andrew Fernandes: So thank you so much, Marcia and Andrew, for your detailed feedback.
Mircea Gogoncea: Now, of course.
Andrew Fernandes: I had a couple of things.
Andrew Fernandes: one sorry you lost your aunt 2
Andrew Fernandes: who suffered many months in silence. It's not clear whether you're referring to her or or you and your family. So just tweak the wording a little bit there. I think you're headed in the right direction compared to the past. Versions still need to, like everyone said, trim down on the technical stuff so specifically
Andrew Fernandes: the 2 sentences toward the end one, you talk about structured data. So if you're using long compound nouns so
Andrew Fernandes: structured, clean structured diagnostic data, that's 4 words for one noun. And you're using, like 3 or 4 of these compound nouns in one sentence that are very technical. You lose me by the second one
Andrew Fernandes: and you'll probably lose a lot of the audience who's non technical about this. Similarly, the sentence about scalable lab driven decisions that's in a list with, like 3 other again, compound nouns. You're going to lose most of the audience with these, especially when you have a list of them.
Trina Das: No, thank you so much, Andrew. I'll work on it.
Ankur Toshniwal: Can you do the intro one more time, if you don't mind. I don't know how much time we have. I don't want to take it. But you're doing one thing where you're merging the end and beginning of 2 set sentences, and it's it's I think you have an opportunity to just pause
Ankur Toshniwal: and just let it let it hit right I lost my mom to stomach cancer last year
Ankur Toshniwal: period and then go to the next thing right? I think. You're. I think you're merging. It's just like a how are you speaking? Do you want to? Do you want to try it again. If if people are okay, I think we have only one more person after this right? Just Chris.
Trina Das: Yeah, sure I can do that.
Trina Das: Last year I lost my aunt to undiagnostic, undiagnosed stomach cancer. After suffering.
Ankur Toshniwal: Period period. Just wait. That's that's a good, just just stop right there and then start a big thing to say, let that sink in for a sec. You don't have to do it for every sentence after that. That's like a really momentous experience to go through. Right? So let that let that sink in. Let that weight of that be heavy. Yeah.
Trina Das: Last year I lost my aunt to undiagnosed stomach cancer.
Ankur Toshniwal: And then and then continue, yeah.
Trina Das: Sadly, sadly. She's not the only one. And then I can continue. Yeah.
Trina Das: thank you so much, uncle, this is super helpful.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah.
Mircea Gogoncea: there you go. Okay.
Mircea Gogoncea: Nice.
Mircea Gogoncea: Alright. Should we go on to the next person?
Mircea Gogoncea: I don't know who they are.
Sambhav Mehta: Yeah. Chris or Antoine?
antoinecarriere: No, no, Chris would be great. And then Alex and I would like to kind of do a side by side for you guys.
antoinecarriere: And so we just want to be last because we realize that we are, we're going to take time.
Chris Wong: Cool. Yeah. So for me, I think it's gonna be pitch 1st and then video demo after goal for us is that we want to get intros or meet lawyers for our customers. Particularly small medium sized law firms.
Chris Wong: and then
Chris Wong: for the for a lot of the kind of business metrics, Tam and all that is gonna be in the QA, so yeah, just kind of giving you a heads up about kind of like the logic behind
Chris Wong: cool. I'll hop right in.
Chris Wong: When I became a lawyer I never thought that I'd have to be a data entry bookkeeper.
Chris Wong: I left my big law job because I hated tracking my time.
Chris Wong: We hate tracking time. We hate tracking invoices.
Chris Wong: These are not my words, but words of the lawyers we serve.
Chris Wong: I'm Chris CEO, and co-founder of legalese, and before this I was also a lawyer at Cooley, and, like most lawyers, I charged an uncomfortably high hourly rate, and spent hours each month justifying it. I track every task that I did, how long I did them and describe them in my client bills, but I also hated it because it's time that you can't, bill for time. You'd much rather spend helping your client, and frankly, time I'd rather spend with my family.
Chris Wong: and this is a common story felt by lawyers from different practices and firms. In fact, most lawyers across the United States spend about 10 h each month on legal bills.
Chris Wong: So at Legalese, we're on a mission to save lawyers time for what really matters. And we're doing this by building an AI assistant that automatically tracks what a lawyer does in real time, and describes that work in their bills.
Chris Wong: So they cut the amount of time they spend on legal time tracking and invoicing by 90%.
Chris Wong: Here's how we're doing it.
Mircea Gogoncea: Very good, very strong. Okay. A little long, I see.
Mircea Gogoncea: Very good.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah. Nice.
Mircea Gogoncea: don't they? When I was doing techstars? I don't know if this is still the case, but they drilled it into our heads to not spend time presenting our name and title because they're like we had 24 companies pitching at the same time they were like, I don't want to hear 24. My name is so, and I'm so and so, and I'm CEO of such and such.
Mircea Gogoncea: I thought that was kind of funny. I think you're the 1st person who did it today. I understand why it flows naturally, because you're saying I'm a lawyer, you know, but I also think it could just be. I'm a lawyer.
Mircea Gogoncea: and that will save you like 5 seconds out of the whatever 15 seconds that they need to cut. So it's an easy win. Right? Yeah, I don't have a lot of comments. I thought this was very strong. Andrew, what did you think.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Yeah, I mean, I do think there's a little time that can be saved because you said you're a lawyer twice.
Andrew Penner | Milo: So one of those can probably go, whichever one is least important, probably the second
Andrew Penner | Milo: And then, you know, I found myself thinking.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Yeah, this is a really big problem
Andrew Penner | Milo: I could see like this takes time away from people. I love that. And then you said 10 HA month, and for some reason that felt underwhelming to me.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Which maybe could just be different framing and just a thought. But if you're thinking 10 HA month, you're talking about 120 HA year. Right? You're talking about effectively. 3 weeks worth of of full time employees work?
Andrew Penner | Milo: So you could say something to the effect of, you know.
Andrew Penner | Milo: corporate attorneys spend the equivalent of 3 weeks out of the out of the year doing this type of work and that
Andrew Penner | Milo: kind of hits a little different, I think, with me. I know that I I haven't met an attorney who only works 40 HA week, so I know it's not actually really that. But it's the equivalent right? And it's it's a different way of framing that kind of problem.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Otherwise I thought the pitch was really strong.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Things that stood out to me for what it's worth. Founder market fit. That's always a big one, right?
Andrew Penner | Milo: And you were able to establish that. And I think that's great.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Time tracking pretty indisputably is a problem being able to reduce that by 90%. If those are the things that you want people to take away. Then I think you did an excellent job.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah, I was. Gonna say, you can also multiply your hourly rate with the amount of hours that you save and put it like, if it's if you if you charge, you know, some lawyers charge a thousand dollars an hour right like that's not crazy, and so that's
Mircea Gogoncea: 10,000 a month. So that's 120,000 a year. So say that you save one lawyer $120,000 a year, and that's a lot more powerful. I made those numbers up. But oh, there we go. Alex is saying exactly the same thing in the chat. Yeah, I agree. 100%.
Chris Wong: Got it. Yeah, super helpful. They make on average about a hundred 50 an hour on average, up to about 2 50 a range around that. So I can, I appreciate all the comments. Yeah, they're like, it's like magnifying the numbers to be a lot more impactful in different ways, either in a dollar amount or like, yeah, we're capturing the amount of time into a much bigger set. So it is like has more impact. Let me play around.
Mircea Gogoncea: I,
Mircea Gogoncea: if you go high on that range, and you say you take the higher end, 250 that still comes out to 30,000 per lawyer per year, and multiply that by however many lawyers there are that bill in A in a large firm, and maybe they have a hundred lawyers, and then that 30,000 becomes 3 million. So we serve, we can say we can save a single
Mircea Gogoncea: big law firm 3 million dollars a year. That's pretty significant, because you can argue that you can easily charge 4, 500,000 if you're going to save them 3 million right? And so that's that's how I would think about it like, multiply the numbers. Yes, take the higher range, but make it believable, and I would I would believe that math that I just.
Mircea Gogoncea: you know, did based on what you said.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Also.
Andrew Penner | Milo: I looked at Cooley. And those people are not making 1 50 to 2, 50 an hour. I would love the intro to the 1 50 to 2, 50 an hour, attorney, but, like even our attorneys when we closed our fundraise, were, I think, 7, 50, and that's well below what Cooley had quoted us. So
Andrew Penner | Milo: you know, depending on how you want to frame it. You could even say because you mentioned your experience at Cooley, right? You could say for cooley attorneys that would be the equivalent of X, and I'm pretty sure they're around a thousand dollars an hour, so you could. You could mess with it a little bit, but
Andrew Penner | Milo: Otherwise really strong.
Chris Wong: Got it. Yeah, that's helpful. I was trying to do most lawyers that are at law firms. So I took like, kind of like the average of all lawyers. But you're right. I mean, Cooley's charging around a thousand like on average. Yeah.
Chris Wong: yeah, okay, got it.
Alex Nativelle: One thing that felt a bit weird was the time with your family. I don't remember exactly what you said, but the opening is really strong, and the delivery is amazing about the hate, hate, hate, hate, hate. And then, when you're transitioning, there's something a bit weird, I felt like a bit of. I don't remember the exact wording, but I felt like you. You repeated hate, and I hated it again, and so it felt a bit
Alex Nativelle: a bit weird on that regard. And then the family, you know we have like, I hate this. I hate this, and then the billing. And maybe you you talk about money, and then you talk about family, and I'm like, Oh.
Alex Nativelle: this is, you know, a bit conflicting my head just 1 point. I don't know.
Ankur Toshniwal: You. You said
Ankur Toshniwal: you said you said spend time away from doing. Xyz, I think. That's I think, what that's what Alex is referring to. Maybe when you say, Spend time away from.
Ankur Toshniwal: just be precise about. I probably stay in the pocket of either like high leverage work, or like right, because otherwise, once you say family, I agree it
Ankur Toshniwal: technically, you could say skiing, and there's no if it if, as soon as a word is replaceable with any other kind of activity. Then it it means it doesn't have a lot of like weight, probably. so yeah, I agree with thoughts. There.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah. And if you're gonna cut time because you need to cut like.
Chris Wong: I think we lost Mirtha.
Mircea Gogoncea: That enumeration might be a bill for those hours, and frankly, is much rather spend it than my family.
Andrew Fernandes: You cut out for about 5 seconds.
Mircea Gogoncea: Enough, I think that's that's like all all we need.
Chris Wong: You cut out just now.
Mircea Gogoncea: I was just saying that could be an an easy. I'm so sorry. Can you guys hear me now?
Mircea Gogoncea: 12345678910.
Chris Wong: Yep.
Mircea Gogoncea: Okay, cool. I was. I was saying that that could be an easy win to cut the few seconds.
Mircea Gogoncea: So.
Chris Wong: Sorry, what.
Mircea Gogoncea: I'm a lawyer. Cut some of the enumeration of things that you'd rather be doing. One or 2 is enough, I think.
Mircea Gogoncea: got it.
Mircea Gogoncea: and that will take that will give you like 5, 10 seconds extra, and then you're very close to the target duration.
Chris Wong: Got it. Okay, cool. Yeah. I've been playing with the pauses a little bit. So that's why it usually comes around a minute. But I think I played around too much with the pauses on this one. But yeah, I think there's.
Mircea Gogoncea: I'm sorry I'm gonna push back on that. I think your pauses were excellent. You?
Mircea Gogoncea: Oh, okay.
Mircea Gogoncea: as they are, and take more, more content off just because otherwise that's the thing I mean, you're doing a very good job. I just want to encourage to keep doing what you did today, because I thought that was great. What you do when you sacrifice the pauses is you sacrifice everything like you take. It's like a depressive mechanism on the entire pitch, so I would rather cut.
Mircea Gogoncea: you know, with intent cut convincedly where you want to cut, and that will allow the rest to shine rather than just saying too much, and saying it very fast, which will make everything shine less so I think this amount of pauses that you had was great personally. That's just my opinion again. N, of one got it? Yeah.
Andrew Penner | Milo: If anyone is deciding between, do I pause more, or do I, you know, cut this piece of content, cut the content, never cut the pause, because it makes everything stronger. And
Andrew Penner | Milo: it it's gonna be tempting to say, well, if they just knew this one thing, then then it would be different. But that's why. For instance, I pushed back on Vivian with like, what's the one thing you want people to remember? Right? It's better to pick and choose the one or 2 things you want people to remember and be super intentional about that, and have the right delivery and maximize the probability that people understand it.
Andrew Penner | Milo: That's that's so much more important than trying to say everything you want to say.
Chris Wong: Got it super helpful. Thanks.
Ankur Toshniwal: Chris, I wanted to add one more thing.
Chris Wong: Yeah, shoot.
Ankur Toshniwal: It was.
Ankur Toshniwal: I'm forgetting it now. Shit
Ankur Toshniwal: I think it was when you you say
Ankur Toshniwal: oh, oh, if you're struggling to I know, like some of your early vision was like
Ankur Toshniwal: like kind of all admin work. Right? If you're struggling with just the timekeeping to keep it like to to make it feel big and make it feel like a really big problem.
Ankur Toshniwal: I think you should. I think it is appropriate. It might be appropriate, and we can be happy down like try it out here, or something is, you can start with either that larger vision or start with your
Ankur Toshniwal: specific thing, and then either build it up. So you say we're starting with this. And then this is the larger thing. Or say, here's the larger thing overall. We're starting with this and then that way you can frame it as as a part of a larger kind of thing, and that might make it feel it might. You might be able to use bigger numbers. You might be able to use a lot more kind of like people, you know, admin Admin lawyer, admin work takes up this much time.
Ankur Toshniwal: Timekeeping alone takes up this. We're starting there right? And like we're going. And then you kind of set up like the story for how you're starting with this, and you're gonna build up to other ones. If you're finding it difficult to justify. Maybe that 1st part.
Chris Wong: Possible.
Ankur Toshniwal: But I know that that can be confusing for people, too. So
Ankur Toshniwal: you have to do it carefully. I don't know if you're trying.
Mircea Gogoncea: Such a good pitch I like. Don't want to touch it anchor. Are you sure? That's what you want to suggest? I don't know.
Ankur Toshniwal: I don't know. I'm just. I'm just saying it's like you're finding a hard time making it feel bigger.
Ankur Toshniwal: from a from a money perspective. I don't know. I'm just like
Ankur Toshniwal: I was. That's the only reason I bring it up.
Chris Wong: I was gonna put that in more, the QA part which is like kind of like. If if people were questioning the size and the the pain, the pain of the the size of the pain point.
Alex Nativelle: I feel your goal is to connect with lawyers, so they don't need to have.
Chris Wong: That's right.
Alex Nativelle: Big point like the pain point. They probably felt it or like, if people know lawyers, they're like, Oh, that's probably something they experience.
Alex Nativelle: So I feel like it's more like an investor. So stuff.
Ankur Toshniwal: You're probably right about that. Nick's what I'm saying. You're right. I agree.
Chris Wong: It's a good point.
Chris Wong: Well, cool. Thanks. Everyone really appreciate it. Mira Andrew, thank you again. And thanks everyone else. Yeah.
Mircea Gogoncea: Thank you, Chris. Great stuff!
Alex Nativelle: All right, let's bring it home. Thank you guys for hammering us. We've been having a bit of back and forth into who needs to do the pitch. So we're brio. Our
Alex Nativelle: goal for this thing is to have people connect us with people in who are looking for a job, or who, with their Alma mater
Alex Nativelle: universities and schools.
Alex Nativelle: Okay, that's gonna be easier to do it. Standing.
Alex Nativelle: Can I go cool?
Alex Nativelle: I feel like I'm stepping into a world I don't know anything about.
Alex Nativelle: That's what a student told me last week about Job search.
Alex Nativelle: Getting a job is life-changing yet. Millions navigate this crucial process, blind facing confusing expectations and soul-crushing rejection.
Alex Nativelle: For recent graduates. This unknown word means they miss out on life defining opportunities trapped in underemployment simply because they never learned the rules of the game.
Alex Nativelle: That's why we've built brio.
Alex Nativelle: We're the AI interview coach that provides highly personalized actionable feedback 24 7.
Alex Nativelle: So everyone, regardless of background, gets a fair shot at the job and the life they deserve.
Alex Nativelle: That student. She spent 2 years managing in retail yearning for an office role.
Alex Nativelle: but often the office looks down on the field, and navigating that jumps takes 5 years.
Alex Nativelle: She practiced tirelessly.
Alex Nativelle: She landed the job, thanks to Brio
Alex Nativelle: in under a year. We've partnered with over 10 universities, surpassed 50 Krr. And had our 1st profitable month. We're not just improving interviews. We're democratizing opportunity.
Alex Nativelle: experience the brio difference and the video.
Alex Nativelle: It might be a bit long. I don't know.
Alex Nativelle: Oh, yeah, I had to cut down on a few things, but I think I get deposit. So.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah.
Ankur Toshniwal: Do you want to go first? st Or, yeah, I'm sorry.
Mircea Gogoncea: Sorry. Do you guys want me to do 2 pitches and tell us which one we like best and maybe give feedback on? Is that. Is that what you're what you're trying to do?
antoinecarriere: Yeah, there's a little bit of that. But if you think it's better to give feedback to Alex first, st I'm happy to go right now, if you if you want, it's really kind of it's similar pitches, but different ones, and we do wonder which one will resonate the most.
Mircea Gogoncea: I vote for listening first, st because otherwise we'll forget the previous one.
antoinecarriere: So you want me to to go ahead.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah, I think it should.
antoinecarriere: Okay, so let's go.
antoinecarriere: Imagine interviewing for your dream job. You spend countless hours preparing. You're super stressed. You can feel your heartbeat. You open the door. It's showtime.
antoinecarriere: except within a minute, you know it's not going well, fast forward to the end. You have the crushing feeling that you blew it.
antoinecarriere: Most of us have a version of that story. I know I do. My name is Antoine, and I failed. My 1st Google interview.
antoinecarriere: I got hired there eventually and ended up interviewing hundreds of applicants. And I saw the real problem often. The best candidates aren't the best interviewees.
antoinecarriere: That's why I built brio
antoinecarriere: to give everyone, no matter their background or interviewing skills, a fair shot at the opportunity they deserve
antoinecarriere: available. 24, 7. Brio gives you supportive yet incredibly personalized and actionable feedback. So you're confident yet authentic on D-day.
antoinecarriere: and it works in less than a year over 10 universities have become paying partners, and we achieve profitability in March. But at the end of the day we do this to positively impact our users. Let's take a look.
antoinecarriere: And the video roles.
Mircea Gogoncea: Nice. How long was that
Mircea Gogoncea: that felt even longer? I might be wrong, but I thought it was even longer.
Sambhav Mehta: Is 1 17.
Mircea Gogoncea: Oh, so it was 2 seconds short there, nice, all right.
Mircea Gogoncea: Cool. So I.
Mircea Gogoncea: My opinion is that the 1st pitch was a little stronger.
Mircea Gogoncea: I think there was a little bit too much time spent on the problem in the second pitch
Mircea Gogoncea: in both of them. I kind of wish I had heard more about the size of the opportunity. I am scared about universities as a professor and doctor, you know. Technically I could call myself Dr. I am skeptical about the amount of money that these institutions pay, and there is a stigma about that in in Silicon Valley, so I wish there was a little bit more about like
Mircea Gogoncea: what the how much money you could make long term.
antoinecarriere: I don't remember if if Alex clarified at the beginning our objective, so we're not ready to fundraise. If we fundraise, we'll fundraise next year
antoinecarriere: right?
antoinecarriere: And and we are trying. We are trying to launch in the Us a b 2 c product.
antoinecarriere: And so at the end of the the we. We really want people to kind of
antoinecarriere: register for themselves or for a friend. And and we're happy to to take. We want to take contacts with universities.
antoinecarriere: But we don't. We're we're not. We're not talking to investors. I'm saying that because initially we had that and we cut it off because that's not the goal.
antoinecarriere: and but I again don't. I'm not kind of say I'm not trying to convince you one way or another. I'm more.
Mircea Gogoncea: No, I totally understand. There, the focus on on that is more. It's.
Alex Nativelle: Investor.
Mircea Gogoncea: That's more of an investor thing. But at the same time, if you want to inspire people that they're going to be the next big thing that they should sign up for, because your business will be around in 5 years.
Mircea Gogoncea: You do need to make that case. I like the way that you presented Antoine the profitability better than in the previous pitch. When you said we were profitable in March I understood the nuance of like you. Just you're just saying that you're profitable in March. You're not saying that you're always going to be profitable. But at the same time it was more convincing than just. We've had our 1st profitable month, I thought anyway.
Mircea Gogoncea: I would let Andrew chime in as well.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Yeah, so interestingly. I like the second pitch a little better when I
Andrew Penner | Milo: approached it with a fundraising hat on second pitch. Had
Andrew Penner | Milo: founder market fit. It had profitability and some strong traction numbers right 1st pitch, I think, had a more compelling story, and I'm wondering if there's a way that you can marry those together.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Cause. At 1st my my gut reaction to what you said at the beginning was.
Andrew Penner | Milo: I didn't really have one of those and and maybe other people in the audience will have one of those that they can identify with. But there might be some portion that didn't. They might have thought like, I think
Andrew Penner | Milo: I don't know. A lot of people maybe feel like the resume screening process is is more daunting in a lot of ways. But the interview process is so real and tangible.
Andrew Penner | Milo: And so I love the story about the girl. If you're
Andrew Penner | Milo: objective, is to go B to C, that's probably the one to do.
Andrew Penner | Milo: If you're trying to get more b 2 b traction.
Andrew Penner | Milo: you know, I think marrying those 2 is probably good, I mean out of curiosity. Why go B to C when you've already closed 10 accounts and achieve profitability? B, 2 B.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Is there a reason for that.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Do you feel like you're tapping out market on the.
antoinecarriere: No, we. We think that the. So right now we have a product we can sell in France. And and we're we're stay. We're staying. b 2 b in France. It's just in the Us. Schools are larger, and the the concern is always around like the speed of the go to market.
antoinecarriere: and we think that it's a better way to get into universities by having a few paid customers among the students, and then letting that be our kind of our seeding into selling directly to universities. So a lot of it is kind of experimenting with go to market and trying a different go to market motion in the Us.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Okay.
Andrew Penner | Milo: yeah. I'm happy to to share some thoughts separately. If you want on business model and and potential to parlay it into the Us. But putting that aside,
Andrew Penner | Milo: I think, yeah, that 1st pitch. I would keep the story.
Andrew Penner | Milo: and I would bring in some of the founder level stuff, though, like, I think it's important that you say I used to. I used to hire thousands of people at Google, right? And this is this is built from that.
Andrew Penner | Milo: I think that that tells a good story. The profitability I think I would leave because it's a good trust builder. The university traction, I think, is great.
Andrew Penner | Milo: So, all told, I think the substance of each pitch was really strong. If if I had my way I'd probably bring the second story into the 1st or the 1st story into the second, and use that. But ultimately, that's your decision.
Alex Nativelle: Cool.
Alex Nativelle: Thanks. That's useful.
Mircea Gogoncea: And you guys need to decide what to cut.
Alex Nativelle: Yeah.
Mircea Gogoncea: It does need.
Alex Nativelle: We need to bring stuff in and then get from the problem.
Mircea Gogoncea: I think from the problem like you can say the same thing in fewer words, was my impression. My impression is that you can.
Mircea Gogoncea: You can convey the fact that you used to run interviews at Google, or that you had a bad interview, or one of your customers had a bad interview experience. I think you can convey that in fewer words.
Mircea Gogoncea: just literally like, literally go to chatgpt, put in that whole problem statement. Be like, reduce this by 50%. You're not gonna like what comes out, but like it will inspire you that you know there are faster ways to say that that same thing that's my, that's that's, I think, where you can cut a lot. I don't know if that will cut 20 seconds. That might not be all you need to cut, but but I think you can say it in fewer, fewer words.
Ankur Toshniwal: I think Antoine story was closer to what I think is your core insight and your core problem. And I think you guys just need to get to that faster, and it needs to be one
Ankur Toshniwal: freaking sentence, which is what I believe it is, at least from my understanding of everything. Is that
Ankur Toshniwal: interviewing doesn't, or being a good interviewer, is not equivalent to being a good employee.
Ankur Toshniwal: and so bridging that gap is.
Ankur Toshniwal: you know, that it takes effort or help, or something something of that line, right? There's some gap between
Ankur Toshniwal: the process of interviewing and being useful to the company. And Brio helps people bridge that gap.
Ankur Toshniwal: That that's line, I think, just needs to be ultra clear with some evidence
Ankur Toshniwal: right? Like, I don't know if that's even if that if that if you feel that that is the real gap
Ankur Toshniwal: or something like that, then it just, I think, that. Say that line on the head. Here's why I know. Here's my! Here's where. Why, we know. Here's the feedback we've gotten. So we know it's even verifiable from our users
Ankur Toshniwal: business opportunity, or something like that right? I don't know.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Yeah, correct me if I'm wrong if this isn't your primary target. But
Andrew Penner | Milo: I think the problem statement could be as simple as, and and I wouldn't dispute this. It could be as simple as
Andrew Penner | Milo: students coming out of university trying to get their 1st job are woefully underprepared for the interview process
Andrew Penner | Milo: like that's
Andrew Penner | Milo: that's something I've experienced over and over, because, like you, I've hired tons of people. And that's 1 of my biggest issues with recent grads, is, it's really hard. You have to really like you're playing therapist at times in the interview, to actually try and get to what their core skills are. You have to get past this little shell of
Andrew Penner | Milo: Sometimes it's nervousness, sometimes it's like they've never done this type of thing before.
Andrew Penner | Milo: and you have to really dig to get into their core skills. And so saying that your platform helps bring that out. And people can serve as that echo chamber and be the training that they never had, I think, is really powerful.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah, I would agree. And those problems. This is similar to what I was telling Vivian. But those problems are so believable like, you don't need.
Mircea Gogoncea: I know that you have a lot of proof for it. It's like, we all know, you know, getting your 1st job is super stressful. Students are underprepared for that buying a car is horrible for all the parties involved. You know I buy that. I feel that deep in my soul, if you're trying to convince me that, like I don't know. Landscapers are wasting gas by using a certain type of engine for their weed whackers other than another, I would. Okay, I don't know. Maybe I guess right.
Mircea Gogoncea: But this is like such a clear problem. I don't need it to explain too much. You know, it's it's it's obvious.
Alex Nativelle: Thanks. That's that's really helpful.
Alex Nativelle: Yeah, maybe like one sentence for the problem. That is like people. Yeah, of course, obviously. And then.
Chris Wong: Yeah, I I agree with the the problem statements and all the comments made. I think another thought that I had as an option is like, if you're having testimonials in your demo video that could be already powerful because it's the person speaking on behalf of how helpful it is. So you could at the end. I think, Alex, you had like a testimony or a case study of a of a user that could be like, cut out if you have a demo video of an actual person saying that it's like really helpful. I was just kind of considering like how you're shaving talk time. But yeah.
Chris Wong: but I know that it's also powerful story to have it in there. As like supporting evidence. So
Chris Wong: I have to weigh it. You know.
antoinecarriere: Super helpful
antoinecarriere: doesn't help us kind of choose between the the the speaker and the and the the story, because it sounds like and and Alex hasn't prepared much.
antoinecarriere: and he's naturally better at at speaking public speaking. So I think
antoinecarriere: it's really it's really kind of a.
antoinecarriere: So here's the difficulty we have, and the reason why we're going back and forth is at the end of the day. There's a little bit of
antoinecarriere: well.
antoinecarriere: from a fundraising perspective. I'm likely to be front and center, because I'm just a lot more experienced. When people look me up on Linkedin they would expect me to be the CEO as opposed to Alex to be the CEO. And so so, but at the same time we're not fundraising on this one and
antoinecarriere: And and so so that's kind of the the
antoinecarriere: I mean. Sorry to kind of bring you all into that mess, but that's that's kind of the and it's not. It's it's totally, it's not a. It's not a big deal, it just at the end of the day we need. We need to to pick one. And we are. We're not fully satisfied with my performance to date on this one, and we we want to do what's best for brio.
Mircea Gogoncea: Are you? Are you in the office, Antoine? Today?
antoinecarriere: Yep.
Ankur Toshniwal: I I today's a little bit lighter. I'd I'd be. I would. I have some thoughts on that. I'd love to talk to you guys separately.
Mircea Gogoncea: I just wanted to say, it's gonna be your decision like you're gonna have to make that decision eventually. Yourself. I, my opinion personally is, don't over index for what might be a problem tomorrow. Focus on the best result today. So like, don't overthink. Oh, what if people think I'm not this, or I'm the CEO. If I think if I do this, and then what if that like deal with the problem in front of you? How can I get the best demo date today and forget about you know the the next? The next thing?
Mircea Gogoncea: yeah. But I'm sure you guys, I mean you're both good, so it doesn't matter. You you'll be fine either way, like you can't choose wrong. The only thing you might lose is the opportunity cost of what if the other person was better in this case? But like you're gonna be fine, it doesn't matter.
antoinecarriere: Yeah, that's helpful.
Alex Nativelle: Thanks for humoring us guys.
antoinecarriere: And I I see that Vivian is is
antoinecarriere: kind of asking if she can retry. I don't want us to kind of take over the whole
antoinecarriere: end of the.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah, that sounds good to me.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Good Vivian!
Mircea Gogoncea: Let's do it.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: Yeah, I don't have to redo the whole thing. It's but I I want to take your feedback seriously, because I do think that would be a better transition into what I'm gonna show, which is in the video. It's very much a tool for the salesperson, but it bridges that gap. So maybe if I can just read the last couple of lines, if that's okay.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: as much as.
Mircea Gogoncea: Want. It's a it's a minute pitch. Just read whatever you want.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: Yeah, that's fair.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Okay, sorry. Can you just read the whole thing that way? We can understand in the context of the greater pitch. It's a minute like Marsha said.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: Car shopping sucks. We all know why. Yes, there are too many tools. But the real problem is that no one trusts the process. The truth is, salespeople today are at the mercy of a reputation they didn't create, based on decades of bad behavior and every moment of silence and every unexpected number every time they have to ask. The manager only tightens that stereotype salespeople aren't the enemy. They actually want to help you. They just don't have the right tools.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: the industries, tried training, marketing and even rebranding salespeople product specialists. But they're trying to deliver world class experience. Still using the same old process. And I've personally worked with over a hundred dealerships, and I hear the same thing. The process is broken.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: This industry is still running on paper forms, and memory to close deals, and it burns through. People. Dealerships flip up to 80% of their sales teams every year, costing them $45,000 each time
Vivian @makingautoeasy: may redefines the 1st 10 min of the car buying experience. It's a dynamic co-pilot that supports real time conversations making car buying faster and frictionless for everyone.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: or it's made completely changes. The 1st impression of car buying in the in the 1st 10 min something like that.
Mircea Gogoncea: I like the 1st one more. This between these very last 2, not not the 1st pitch, this one. This pitch was much better. I think I have some. So my thought is, this is a clear improvement. It tells me a little bit about what the product actually does. I love it. That's that's great.
Mircea Gogoncea: I still think the problem is too long by a lot. But that's just that's just me, the one sentence that I think you can really lose and replace it with something more impactful is the industry has tried rebranding like. So what the industry has done many things that to me is irrelevant to your product, and it's irrelevant. You've already explained the problem. By the time you get to that we don't need that, they might have done a lot of dumb shit doesn't mean we need to
Mircea Gogoncea: enumerated and hear it in the pitch.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: That's a good point. I I might be inviting dealerships into the into the crowd. So I think this is also speaking to them.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: But that's a good point.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Well, if you're speaking to them, they already know what they've tried to. Right like that. That sentence is not terribly value, added I. I felt the same way.
Andrew Penner | Milo: and it gives you more room either helps you be on time or gives you more room to put something else more substantive about the product. Because, yeah, that was definitely a big improvement.
Andrew Penner | Milo: I feel like one more sentence would be nice. So trading that sentence for another would be
Andrew Penner | Milo: perfect in my mind, but that was much better, for sure.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: And what would I replace like if I had the time? What would be the one thing you wanted? Answered
Vivian @makingautoeasy: the answers.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Good question. I mean, that's something.
Mircea Gogoncea: Up to you, I think, but.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: Okay.
Andrew Penner | Milo: That's best coming from you like, what do people need to get a 360 degree of your product and where it fits in.
Andrew Penner | Milo: yeah. Good cause. Now the last 2 sentences. If you could read them one more time now we have the context again.
Andrew Penner | Milo: It's what.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: May redefines the 1st 10 min of the car buying experience. It's a dynamic co-pilot that supports real time conversations, making car buying faster and frictionless for everyone.
Mircea Gogoncea: You could insist, you could say for everyone that includes buyers and sellers, or something like that, that could be a sentence that you add, it's like relatively short, and you know.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: Hmm.
Mircea Gogoncea: But it should be. Whatever you decide. I don't know your business.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Yeah, I'm personally just still like
Andrew Penner | Milo: super. Curious about how it redefines the 1st 10 min. And so I love that. You say that that's perfectly high level. You might not need more, because I think you're probably getting into that detail. So yeah, I think you're either cutting that sentence, just for time and clarity, or you're cutting it to add another sentence. But
Andrew Penner | Milo: the one feedback that I think should stay is
Andrew Penner | Milo: cut that one. I don't think it's adding anything.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: I realize, as you're saying, that like the reason why you don't know how I change that in the 1st 10 min is because I'm replacing the starting point at every conversation
Vivian @makingautoeasy: like this is the tool that they start with when they meet the customer.
Andrew Penner | Milo: I love that like. That's 7 more words, and and you make it really clear right?
Vivian @makingautoeasy: I think that's great.
Andrew Penner | Milo: But again, nice nice reaction in pretty real time to the feedback. It's a big improvement.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: Thank you.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah, amazing. And once again, really, great delivery like this is, this is great. They're gonna do great whatever you do. And your passion and energy are gonna come through, no matter what.
Sambhav Mehta: This has been awesome. Thank you so much.
Sambhav Mehta: Do the alumni have any last, any feedback, or anything like that?
Mircea Gogoncea: No, go rock it, go rock your practice. Remember, remember my suggestion. Practice extra slow practice, extra fast, and practice from the middle. Not always the whole pitch from the middle from the end. Section by section. You should be able to say it once you've decided exactly what they're going to say, and let's grab a drink after Demo Day. I'm going to be there.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Yeah, I love that. I mean this. No matter what I mean. You guys should put a lot of effort preparing in.
Andrew Penner | Milo: you know. Put a lot of effort into preparing for this, but this will not make or break your business right. Everything else you do, the way that you execute the way that you strategize the way that you sell the way that you fit with your customers. That's what's going to make or break your business. So don't put the weight of the world on your shoulders here
Andrew Penner | Milo: definitely treated seriously. It could be a huge opportunity, but we had one person in our cohort who completely blew it, being honest. And and he ended up just fine, right? Because he built a good business after it, and so don't get nervous. You're gonna do great. All of you have really strong pitches, no matter how you interpreted our feedback, everyone has clearly come a long way and is ready for the stage. So wish you guys the best of luck.
Alex Nativelle: Thanks a lot guys.
Andrew Fernandes: To elaborate anonymously on blowing it.
Andrew Fernandes: What does that look like?
Andrew Penner | Milo: So I'll I'll say broadly, without telling anyone out.
Andrew Penner | Milo: He just got super nervous, and it it showed in the practice, and we kept, you know. We practiced a lot as a group. But he lost his way twice
Andrew Penner | Milo: and apologized to the crowd at 1 point said, I'm sorry.
Andrew Penner | Milo: And all of us were like no, and then, you know, we gave him a big round of applause, tried to cheer him on and keep him going
Andrew Penner | Milo: But again, at the end of the day, that doesn't matter too much. It's only a net positive for you guys depending on how you do right. If you guys do a great job, you can get some action out of it if you don't do a great job.
Andrew Penner | Milo: The other 3 months that you spent in this program are the main value and the time you will spend building your business and listening to your customers and building the new frontier of whatever technology you're working on. That's what's most important.
Andrew Penner | Milo: So yeah, it was, it was a tough one to watch
Andrew Penner | Milo: But he ended up, okay, and you guys will, too, if the same thing happens.
Mircea Gogoncea: Yeah, I had 24 companies in my cohort. We were enormous. We were a double cohort, and it used to be 12, so
Mircea Gogoncea: I can point to like 3 or 4 people who did a pretty bad job, and one of them raised a lot of money after, and also built a very great business, and I was just thinking back to the people that have recently signed big customers or raised big rounds, and it's totally all over the place. Some of them did great on Demo Day. Some of them did medium, some did not do great
Mircea Gogoncea: we had one person get super nervous, and she took like 20 seconds within each sentence. So her pitch was like 3 min, and it was very, you know, very extreme. We had somebody lost their way. Get a lot random applause as well we've had. I've seen. I've seen everything, so you'll you'll be fine.
Andrew Penner | Milo: Yeah, agree.
Alex Nativelle: Thank you. Guys, thanks guys.
Chris Wong: Thank you.
antoinecarriere: Yeah, it's.
Chris Wong: Yeah.
Mircea Gogoncea: Alright! Have a good one, everybody see you soon.
Vivian @makingautoeasy: Thanks.
carloscaglia: Thank you.
Mircea Gogoncea: They!
Sambhav Mehta: Bye-bye, Antoine, I'll see you soon.